Documentation: add search caveat when using MariaDB (#8424)
paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx: docs/advanced_usage.md

### Case Sensitivity

The database interface does not provide a method to configure a MySQL

> database to be case sensitive. A case **in**sensitive database prevents a user from creating a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database to be case-sensitive. A case-**in**sensitive database prevents a user from creating a
```

Author: I thought so but it wasn't in the original so I didn't! :D

> database to be case sensitive. This causes a number of caveats when using MySQL.
> 
> #### Tags
> A case **in**sensitive database prevents a user from creating a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database to be case sensitive. A case **in**sensitive database prevents a user from creating a
```

Author: The tags issue would also affect document types and correspondence  I assume?

Reviewer: Yes, and other things. Its sort of a general point.

> However, there is a downside to turning on case sensitivity, as it also makes searches case sensitive.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there is a downside to turning on case sensitivity, as it also makes searches case-sensitive,
```

tag `Name` and `NAME` as they are considered the same.

> Per Django documentation, mitigating this requires manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there is a downside to turning on case sensitivity, as it also makes searches case sensitive.   
This means that a document with the title `Invoice` won't be found when searching for `invoice`.

Per Django documentation, making a database case-sensitive requires manual intervention.
```

> This means that a document with the title `Invoice` won't be found when searching for `invoice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so for example a document with the title `Invoice` won't be found when searching for `invoice`.
```

    Using mariadb version 10.4+ is recommended. Using the `utf8mb3` character set on
    an older system may fix issues that can arise while setting up Paperless-ngx but
    `utf8mb3` can cause issues with consumption (where `utf8mb4` does not).

>     
> #### Search
> However, there is a downside to turning on case sensitivity, as it also makes searches case sensitive.   
> This means: A document called `Invoice` won't be found when searching for `invoice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
